---
layout: default
Description: licenses
---
  
<code>
ActivePerl License Agreement
============================

ActivePerl is covered by the ActiveState Community License.

Please note: If you plan to redistribute ActivePerl you will need a
different license. For more information please visit
http://www.activestate.com/activeperl_oem.

ActivePerl Community License v2.2
=================================

Preamble:

This license establishes the terms under which the Package may be
copied, modified, distributed and/or redistributed. The intent is that
ActiveState Software Inc. (“ActiveState”) maintains control over the
development and distribution of the Package, while allowing the users
of the Package to use the Package in a variety of ways. You are always
permitted to make arrangements wholly outside of this license directly
with ActiveState. If the terms of this license do not permit the full
use that you propose to make of the Package or if you require
clarification regarding your particular intended use of the Package,
You should contact sales@activestate.com in order to seek
clarification or to request a different licensing arrangement. Support
for this Package is available from ActiveState under a separate
agreement. Please contact sales@activestate.com for more information.

Definitions:

“ActiveState” refers to ActiveState Software Inc., the copyright
holder of the Package.

“Package” refers to those ActivePerl files, including, but not limited
to, source code, binary executables, documentation, images, and
scripts, which are distributed by ActiveState, and derivatives of that
collection and/or those files.

“You” and “your” means any person who copies, distributes, or modifies
the Package.

1. You may use this Package for commercial or non-commercial purposes
without charge.

2. You may make and give away verbatim copies of this Package for
personal use, or for use within your organization, provided that
you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers. You may not distribute copies of this Package, or
copies of packages derived from this Package, or cause by Your
actions copies of this Package to be distributed, to others outside
your organization without specific prior written permission from
ActiveState (although you are encouraged to direct them to sources
from which they may obtain it for themselves). Subject to clause 4
below, You may combine and distribute the Package with Your package
only in accordance with the terms of a separate ActiveState
agreement.

3. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes, and other modifications
derived from ActiveState. A Package modified in such a way shall
still be covered by the terms of this license.

4. The license also allows You to redistribute parts of the Package as
part of an application generated by wrapping tools such as PAR,
PerlApp or Perl2Exe. However, this License does not allow You to
(a) redistribute the Package as a whole, (b) use its parts to
create a language distribution, or (c) redistribute the PerlScript,
Perl for ISAPI or PerlEx components with Your application.

5. ActiveState’s name and trademarks may not be used to endorse or
promote packages derived from this Package without specific prior
written permission from ActiveState.

6. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. This Package may be subject to export controls imposed by
applicable laws and regulations, which may prohibit or restrict the
distribution, exportation and re-exportation of the Package. You
will comply with all applicable export control laws, including such
laws of the U.S., Canada and the European Community, in effect from
time to time, including without limitation the Canadian Export and
Import Permits Act, the Canadian United Nations Act, and the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and with all export laws and
restrictions and regulations of the United States Department of
Commerce or other United States, European Community or other
foreign agency or authority, and will not distribute, export or
re-export, or allow the distribution, export or re-export, of the
Package or any copy or adaptation of direct product thereof, or any
underlying technology, except in full compliance with any and all
such applicable laws, restrictions and regulations. You represent
and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a
national or resident of, any restricted country (currently
including Myanmar [Burma], Belarus, Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Iran,
Iraq, Sudan, Syria, and Afghanistan) or of any designated entity or
person.xxxxxxxxxx LICENSE ISSUES==============The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions ofthe OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-styleOpen Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSLplease contact openssl-core@openssl.org.OpenSSL License—————/* ====================================================================* Copyright (c) 1998-2004 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved.** Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions* are met:** 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.** 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in* the documentation and/or other materials provided with the* distribution.** 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this* software must display the following acknowledgment:* “This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project* for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)”** 4. The names “OpenSSL Toolkit” and “OpenSSL Project” must not be used to* endorse or promote products derived from this software without* prior written permission. For written permission, please contact* openssl-core@openssl.org.** 5. Products derived from this software may not be called “OpenSSL”* nor may “OpenSSL” appear in their names without prior written* permission of the OpenSSL Project.** 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following* acknowledgment:* “This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project* for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)”** THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT “AS IS” AND ANY* EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR* PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR* ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;* LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,* STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)* ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED* OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.* ====================================================================** This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young* (eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim* Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).**/Original SSLeay License———————–/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)* All rights reserved.** This package is an SSL implementation written* by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).* The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.** This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as* the following conditions are aheared to. The following conditions* apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,* lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation* included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms* except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).** Copyright remains Eric Young’s, and as such any Copyright notices in* the code are not to be removed.* If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution* as the author of the parts of the library used.* This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or* in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.** Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions* are met:* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the* documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.* 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software* must display the following acknowledgement:* “This product includes cryptographic software written by* Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)”* The word ‘cryptographic’ can be left out if the rouines from the library* being used are not cryptographic related :-).* 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from* the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:* “This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)”** THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG “AS IS” AND* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE* ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF* SUCH DAMAGE.** The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or* derivative of this code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be* copied and put under another distribution licence* [including the GNU Public Licence.]*/
</code>
